Why Draco?
Look close, Draco. If we’re the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiven. Do you understand -
Forgive me, my Lord, but wouldn’t it be more prudent to call off this battle and seek the boy yourself?
Of c-course, my Lord.
Draco...
Draco, don’t be stupid -
My lord?
Yes, my lord.
Dragon -- dragon heartstring.
No, my lord.
Well put it this way, if it rains... you'll be the first to know
Don't boast Draco. There's no need with these people. Do enjoy yourself won't you. While you can.
My lord. Had I detected any sign or even a whisper of your whereabouts.
I assure you I never renounced the old ways. The face I have been obliged to present each day since your absence, that was my true mask.
I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin. But selling.
You have heard, of course, that the Ministry of Magic is conducting more raids. There are even rumors of a new Muggle Protection Act...

I have a few... ah... items at home that might prove embarrassing if the Ministry were to call. Certain poisons and the like...
Hopefully my son will amount to more than a thief, Mr. Borgin. Though if his marks don't pick up --
I would have thought you'd be ashamed that a girl of no wizarding family beat you in every exam.
Not with me.

Very good. I'll expect you at the manor tomorrow. Come, Draco.

Silence, Draco! Ah... Mr. Potter. I don't believe we've met.

Forgive me, Mr. Potter. But your scar is legend. As, of course, is the wizard who gave it to you.
Yes, a pity about your parents. Curious that you yourself should escape with a mere flesh wound. Curious, too, that you speak of him in the past. Surely, you don't think He-Who-Must-Not-Be- Named is gone forever.
You must be very brave, Mr. Potter, to dare speak his name. Or foolish.
You must be Miss Granger. Draco's told me all about you... and your parents. Muggles, aren't you?

Well, well, well -- Arthur Weasley.
Busy time at the Ministry. All those raids. I hope they're paying you overtime.

Obviously not. Dear me. What's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it.

Clearly. The company you keep, Weasley. And I thought your family could sink no lower.

Here, girl. Take your book. It's the best your father can give you.

Already here, Fudge? Good, good...
My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure at all in being inside your -- do you call this a house? I simply called at the school and was told the Headmaster was here.
Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, but the governors feel it's time for you to step aside. This is an Order of Suspension. You'll find all twelve signatures on it. I'm afraid we feel you're losing your touch. What with all these attacks, there'll be no Muggle- borns left at Hogwarts. And we all know what an awful loss that would be.

That remains to be seen, but as all twelve governors have voted --
I would advise you not to shout at the Azkaban guards like that.
Admirable sentiments. We shall all miss your highly individual way of running things, Albus, and only hope your successor will manage to prevent any more, um, killin's.
.
Out of my way, Potter.
So! You've returned!
From the beginning, my only concern has been the welfare of this school and its students. I assume the culprit has been identified.
Come, Dobby. We're leaving.

Mine? I don't know what you're talking about.
Prove it!

Dobby! Dobby, come!
What? I didn't --

You've lost me my servant!
Mark my words, Harry Potter. You'll meet the same sticky end as your parents one of these days. They were meddlesome fools too.

Well, well, if it isn't Patronus Potter.
The Minister here was just telling me how very lucky an escape you just had. Quite astonishing...snakelike, in fact.
Come now, Potter, I really don't think that private matters between the Minister and myself are any concern of yours. Lucius moves closer to Harry.
All you need to concern yourself about are...your dreams, Potter. And Lucius smiles malevolently at Harry. Lucius steps back and turns to the Minister.
Shall we continue this in your office, Fudge?
I warned you before that one day you would come to a sticky end, Potter.
We don't have him, if that's what you mean. Harry is stunned.
The Dark Lord knows your weakness for heroics, Potter. All it took was a little nudge to get you here.
Now give me that prophesy.
That prophesy. Now hand it over or we'll have to use wands on you.
Very brave of you, Potter. Or are you foolish?
Really, Potter. You expect to defeat all of us with your little school friends? Now hand it over, and they won't have to die here.
No! If the prophesy is smashed--
You dare to speak the Dark Lord's name?
Control yourself, Bellatrix!
You mean Dumbledore never told you the reason you bear that scar was hidden here? Harry looks as if slapped, he is so surprised.
So that's what took you so long. We wondered.
Only a person for whom the prophesy was made can remove it from its self, Potter, and the Dark Lord certainly couldn't get it himself. Harry is angry.
Precisely, Potter.
Stop them! Harry is the last through the door.
Your race is run, Potter. Hand it over. Harry glances around frantically.
You are not in a position to negotiate. Neville struggles against the Death Eater holding him.
Potter!
We may have lost the prophesy, but I can still deliver you to the Dark Lord! He waves his wand.
Stupify!
I can’t... I can’t be sure.
What’s wrong with his face?
Take my hand.
Now.
Well, well, what brings you here, Potter?
I virtually lived here last year. Remember?
You have something of mine. I’d like it back.
It’s my mother’s. It’s very powerful, but it’s not the same. It doesn’t... understand me.
Know what I mean? Just then, over Draco’s shoulder and several yards beyond, a SHADOW FLICKERS (Ron). Harry looks down, notices a DROP of WATER fall from the PANT CUFF, cuts his eyes away. He reaches for the wand in his pocket.
Easy.
Give me my wand.
Potter!
What just happened? Blaise?
Hogwarts. What a pathetic excuse for a school. I think I’d pitch myself off the Astronomy Tower ifI thought I had to continue on for another two years. Pansy, gently twisting one of Draco’s locks, stops.
Let’s just say I don’t think you’ll be seeing me wasting my time in Charms Class next year. Confused, Pansy glances at Blaise, who snorts derisively.
Amused, Blaise? We’ll see just who’s laughing in the end. Blaise shakes his head, smiling as he looks out the window at the darkness. Just then the small bag in the upper rack shifts. Malfoy’s eyes play over it.
You two go on. I want to check something.
Didn’t mummy ever tell you it’s bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter? Petrificus Totalus!

Oh, right, she was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin.

Enjoy the ride back to London.
It’s a not a cane, you cretin. It’s a walking stick.
Is my father’s. He’s not dead.
Nice face, Potter.
Take your hands off me, you filthy squib!
Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing. Happy?
Certainly... Professor.

Maybe I did hex that Bell girl. Maybe I didn’t. What’s it to you?
I don’t need protection. I was chosen for this! Out of all others. Me! And I won’t fail him.
No! I was chosen. This is my moment!

Cruci-
Don’t touch me! Don’t you dare touch me! Harry stops dead... transfixed by a FLASH of SOMETHING DARK pushing through the wet fabric of Malfoy’s shirtsleeve. Just then... Snape BURSTS THROUGH THE DOOR. Seeing Malfoy -- and the nature of his injuries -- he eyes Harry with keen curiosity. Kneeling, he traces the TIP of his WAND over Malfoy’s wounds, MURMURING an EERIE INCANTATION. Instantly, the skin begins to knit itself together. Harry backs away, Snape’s ancient CHANT ringing in his ears, blood floating like crimson flowers on the floor, backing away until he reaches the door...
Who else is here? I heard you talking.
How do you know what I am? I’ve done things that would shock you.
He trusts me! I was chosen!
Expelliarumus!
The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room of Requirement.
I’ve been mending it.
In Borgin & Burkes. They form -
I don’t want your help! Don’t you see! I have to do it! I have to!
I’ve got to kill you or he’ll kill me.
Father and I are in the minister's box, by personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself.
Why so tense Potter? My father and I have a bet you see. I don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in this tournament. He disagrees. He thinks you won't last FIVE.
My father will hear about this!
Can I have this?
It's not my fault the teachers have favorites. That Hermione Granger --

Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter? Famous Harry Potter. Can't even go into a bookshop without making the front page.
Look, Potter. You've got yourself a girlfriend!
That's right. And that's not all that's new this year...

That's right, Weasley. You see, unlike some, my father can afford to buy the best.
No one asked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood.

Enemies of the heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!

All right there, Scarhead?

Training for the ballet, Potter?

Scared, Potter?
Serpensortia!

Crabbe. Goyle. Where have you been? Pigging out in the Great Hall all this time?

And what are you doing down here, Weasley?
Come on, boys. Weasley thinks he's going to catch Slytherin's hair single-handed.

Listen to this...

'Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, was today fined fifty Galleons for bewitching a Muggle car. "Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute," said Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts. "He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately."'

Arthur Weasley loves Muggle so much he should snap his wand in half and go join them. You'd never know the Weasleys were purebloods, the way they behave. Embarrassment to the wizarding world. All of them.

What's up with you, Crabbe?
Well, go to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick in the arse for me! You know, I'm surprised The Daily Prophet hasn't reported all these attacks yet. I suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush it all up. He'll be sacked if it doesn't stop soon. Father always said Dumbledore's the worst thing that's ever happened to this place.
What? Did you say that I was wrong? You think there's someone here who's worse than Dumbledore?


Good one, Goyle. You're absolutely right. Saint Potter. He's another one with no proper wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go around with that Mudblood Granger. And people actually think he's the Heir of Slytherin.

You know I haven't, Goyle. How many times do I have to tell you? But my father did say this much: It's been fifty years since the Chamber was opened. He wouldn't tell me who opened it -- only that they were expelled -- but I know this: the last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood died.
So it's only a matter of time before one of them's killed this time. As for me... I hope it's Granger.

What's the matter with you two? You're acting very... odd.
Hey! Where are you going?
Hey, Weasley! Nice job out on the field today! You'll be our best player on the pitch!
I should thank you, Weasley. You're definitely our best player!
Bet you loved that, Potter! Saved Weasley's neck, didn't you? The Gryffindors ignore him.
I've never seen a worse Keeper! Maybe we should add some more verses to our little song. About his filthy mother! George tries to leap at Draco. Harry and Fred hold him back.
And his pathetic loser of a father too!
But then, you like the Weasleys, don't you? How can you stand the stink? I guess it reminds you of your own dear mother!
Got you, Potter.
Over here, Professor! I've got one!
Excuse me, Professor. Professor Umbridge says she needs you right away.
Well, sir, remember when Montegue vanished over Christmas? She says he's turned up in a toilet on the fourth floor.
He's pretty confused, but I think he said something about the Vanishing Closet. Snape stands irritably.
God, I can't wait until all you Weasleys have been expelled. Your stench has been fouling this castle for too long. Ron glares at him.
That's for speaking to me. You know, you Weasleys are just as bad as Mudbloods!
You know, Weasley, it's really too bad Potter saved you from the Chamber of Secrets. Ginny struggles against Crabbe, who is restraining her. Ron snatches up his wand.
God, this place is going to the dogs. Wait until my father hears Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching classes.
Potter, there's a Dementor behind you.
Give me a go at that thing. If Potter can do it, it must be easy. You're not dangerous at all, are you, you great ugly brute -- Malfoy! No!
It's killed me! It's killed me! Calm yerself! a scratch...

It comes and goes. Still... I consider myself lucky. According to Madam Pomfrey, another minute or two... and I could've lost the arm.

It's this class that's ridiculous.
Well, well. Look who's here. You two shopping for your dream home? Seems a bit grand for you, Weasel- Bee. Don't your family all sleep in one room?

Now that's not very friendly. Boys, I think we're going to have to teach Weasel-Bee to respect his superiors.
How dare you speak to me, you filthy, little mud -
Who did that!
Well, don't just stand there!
Wait a minute, there's something out here -- Aaaaaaahhhh!!!
Did you see the big, fat blubbering oaf?! Oh, this is going to be rich. Did I tell you, Father said I can keep the head -
Ah. Come to see the show?
Not a word of this to anyone, understood! I'll get that jumped- up Mudblood one of these days. Mark my words...
It's true then, what they were saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts.
Oh. This is Crabbe and Goyle. And my name's Malfoy. Draco Malfoy.
Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair, freckles, and a hand- me-down robe--you must be a Weasley.
You'll soon find out some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
Excuse me, Madam Hooch. Given that a few of us have been on sticks for years, would it not make sense to separate the expert flyers from...
the neophytes?
Did you see his face? Perhaps if the great lump had given this a squeeze, he would've remembered to fall on his fat arse.
No, I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. How about up a tree?
What's the matter, Potter? A bit beyond your reach?

Is that so?
Have it your way, then!

Chin up, Potter. They might let you stay on as Hagrid's assistant.
Take a good look, lads. With any luck we'll be having Potter soup for supper.
Excuse me, Professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said the four of us.
The Forest? But I thought that was just a joke. We can't go in the Forest. Students aren't allowed. And there's... werewolves.
I want Fang then.
Wait until my father hears about this. This is servant stuff. We should be writing lines or... something.
You're too stupid to be scared, Potter, growing up with Muggles. If you were from a real wizard family, you wouldn't be laughing.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Is he alive...?
Is he alive? Draco?
Come, Draco.
My lord is always welcome here.
The Dark Lord trusts him.
Well, who can one trust these days?
I’ve nowhere else to turn, Severus. Snape hands her a goblet, extends one to Bellatrix.
I know I ought not to be here. The Dark Lord himself has forbidden me to speak of this -SNAPE If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, you ought not to speak.
Put it down, Bella. We mustn’t touch what isn’t ours. Bellatrix, DARK CURIO in hand, glowers, sets it backdown.
I... I don’t doubt you, Severus.
Do you mean it, Severus?
Oh, Severus, please, if you would... (I would be forever in your debt.) Swear to it.